                                             Datatypes
Definition:
           A datatype is like the label on a student’s book that shows which subject it belongs to. In the same way, in computers, a datatype is a label that tells us what kind of value it is
Category:
         There are different types of data types
                (1)Primitive Datatype
                (2) Non_Primitive Datatype
Primitive Datatype:
        A datatype which can able to save a single value is primitive
       (ex)
              A label is like a primitive datatype because it shows just one subject.

 Types:
    There are 7 primitive datatypes in JavaScript. Let’s explain each one with a short definition and example
String:
        
          In JavaScript  a string is a datatype used to store text. It can be a single character or a sequence of characters written inside single quotes (' '), double quotes (" "), or backticks (` `).
                                                   (ex): var name = “Rahin”;

Boolean:
                       It is mainly used in conditions to show whether something is true or false.
                    
                                                  (ex) var is_logged = true;
Undefined:
                       It means when we create a variable but don’t give it any value, JavaScript                            automatically sets it to and it is not possible in other language
                                                   (ex) var a;
 Number:
                        The  datatype is used to represent integers and decimal values, but it can only store up to  2^53 - 1. Any number beyond this limit consider as bigIn datatype.
                                                   (ex) var num = 100;

Null:
                Sometimes in a project, we don’t want to leave a field blank, so we assign null . It means the variable has no value, but it is not the same as empty or undefined.
                                            (ex) var num = null;(you are assigning a value, but that value specifically means nothing)

BigInt:
         It is a larger version of Number. Any integer that goes beyond the limit of Number can be represented using BigInt.
                                  (ex)var big = 123456789012345678901234567890n;
      
Non_Primitive Datatype:
        A datatype which can able to save a multiple value is non_primitive
       (ex)
             A book is like a non-primitive datatype because it has many chapters inside it, which means it can hold many values. 

Types:
    There are 2 non_primitive datatypes in JavaScript. Let’s explain each one with a short definition and example

  Array:
                     An array is used to store a collection of values, either of the same or different datatypes. Its size is not fixed, and the maximum limit is 2^32 – 1 elements. Each value in an array can be accessed using its index number.when storing values, it works like a queue

                                               (ex)var arr = [1, "Hello", true];

Object:
                     An object is similar to an array, but instead of storing values by index, it stores multiple values in the form of key–value pairs.

                                                (ex) var person = {
                                                                     name: "Rahin",
                                                                    age: 22,
                                                                    isStudent: true
                                                                                     };
Conclusion:
                     Datatypes tell us what kind of values a variable can store. Primitive datatypes store simple values, while non-primitive datatypes store collections or complex data.

                        


